wish we didn't have to prepare for next
match now chief this is going to be one
intense battle leave if you think you're
up for the challenge
the first battle is all yours cool don't
worry I'll save some for you in the
second match go out there and embarrass
those dudes yeah we know you can do it
Lee it appears that white tiger X
ascending Lee to the dish and I'm not
surprised since his combination speed
cunning impatience - no traitor this
type of high-pressure situation your
answer AJ the Blitzkrieg boys plan to
fight fire with firepower and where
shrinks speed endurance are concerned it
doesn't get much hotter than channel
take your positions on my order no quad
are getting too comfortable because you
won't be sticking around there long
strong words but then you back them up
with action
you betcha
sensational way to go Lee
waste your energy and soon
looks like pleas making
so China's Walpurgis pulling off the
competition he's putting these galleon
victory bread well let's make it
official age a white tiger in scratches
in the first round against the
Blitzkrieg boys please lost it all
against the Blitzkrieg boys abundance a
lead white tiger in the next round and
the boys